c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.exe
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.pdb
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.g.resources
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.exe
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.pdb
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
c:\users\i828951\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.exe
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.pdb
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.exe
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.pdb
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.g.resources
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\HCIFinalVersion1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\dhjung\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HCIFinalVersion1\HCIFinalVersion1\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
